[
    "I am convinced that human life is filled with many pure, happy, serene examples of insincerity,of people who seem unaware even that they are deceiving one another.",

    "Out of the unimaginable blackness beyond the gangrenous glare of that cold flame, out of the Tartarean leagues through which that oily river rolled uncanny, there flopped rhythmically a horde of tame, trained, hybrid winged things that no sound eye could ever wholly grasp.",

    "You went to Blinky’s pet shop—named Randy’s House of Reptiles, for no reason whatsoever, Blinky’d always run the place—to buy shine. Blinky would never really say where he got his supply from, but damn it was good.",

    "He encouraged me to go get the cauliflower and so I did. I went to the grocer and I picked some up, along with a few other items. The cashier had been friendly, didn’t even ask about my purchases. I liked to be left alone and not subject to inquiry when it wasn’t necessary.",

    "And it wasn’t until this day in their tenth year that either brother had considered the differences between them, had even recognized there were differences between them other than their nine months’ difference in age.",

    "I wasn’t sure –much like I’d earlier told Penny. She said she was going and implied it would be good if I went too, with the family. She didn’t say it like she was trying to scare me. Still, I had to be getting home.",

    "She cut those up and wove them together so that I couldn’t see through them at all when I held the basket up to the light. After that, she carried it down to the river to line it with thick mud. That sat in our hut drying for days, but it didn’t bother me.",

    "This is a place where men come to catch blues, weekend fishermen after a perfect run. Where women wash clothes in ice-cold water, then hang them on long lines cast toward the Bay. Line-dried clothes, stiff and hard, that stink of bay water and don’t bend easily against skin.",

    "Boris Nikolayevich lifted his hat to say hello, but he received only a few nods of recognition in return. Everyone was going over their lines. The hallway buzzed with that earnest mumbling peculiar to Jews in prayer and actors before an audition.",

    "Okay. Say the reason you’re stuck here in limbo is totally unclear to you. Say you were a woman who cared about little but treated others basically well.",

    "They were lined up outside the door to the Actor’s Union, seated in chairs on either side of the hall. There was Dima and that bore Vladimir Antonovich Pugachov, who would never cease to remind you that he had studied at the feet of Stanislavski himself.",

    "I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.",

    "All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.",

    "But I, being poor, have only my dreams,

    I have spread my dreams under your feet,

    Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.",
    
    "But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?
    It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.",

    "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.",

    "Frodo: I wish the Ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened.",

    "Thou shalt be the last king, and if the west prove mightier than thy Black Master, this curse I lay upon thee and thy folk",

    "Et earello endorenna utulien. Sinome maruvan ar hildinyar tenn ambar-metta,"

    "Out of the Great Sea to Middle-earth I am come
    In this place I will abide, and my heirs,
    unto the ending of the world."
    

]